gh-120196: Faster ascii_decode and find_max_char implementations (#120212)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-06-07-13-29-57.gh-issue-120196.uf2pIh.rst

> Slight code improvement to ASCII decoding and maximum character checking
> that allows vectorization by the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performance of ASCII decoding and maximum character checking
by allowing vectorization by the compiler on suitable platforms.
```
